Step 1: FROM ubuntu

First we will need a OS i.e ubuntu 
using FROM we can pull ubuntu image from docker hub.

Step 2: RUN apt-get update; apt-get install mysql-server -y

As we have ubuntu now and next step will be to install mysql-server
for that we update apt-get and then run command to install mysql-server.

Step 3: COPY ./data.sql .

As we are having data.sql file on host machine and to run this file
on our container i.e. on ubuntu we have to copy that file to 
container directory.For that we can use "COPY <source_addr> <destination_addr>"
command

What's in data.sql file?

In this file all database queries are written which will be
execute on mysql-server(in the conatiner) i.e on mysql prompt(mysql>)
also credentials are aslo saved in this file.
i.e User_name and Password.
Queries For:
Creating Database
Creating User 
Creating Table(Schema)
Adding entrie in database

Step 4: COPY ./run.sh .

As we are having run.sh file on host machine and to run this file
on our container i.e. on ubuntu we have to copy that file to 
container directory.For that we can use "COPY <source_addr> <destination_addr>"
command

what's in run.sh file?

first we need to assign directory for mysql for that required command we will type
in run.sh file. along with that command need to start mysql-server and load 
all queries in mysql-server will be aslo there.

Step 5: RUN chmod 755 ./run.sh

Giving read,write,execute permission according to user,group for 
run.sh file. which will be helpful for executing file in 
container.

Step 6: EXPOSE 4040

For communication with container we need port number 
using command EXPOSE we explicity define port number which will
be used for container to communicate.in this case we are specifying 
4040 port number.

Step 7: RUN ./run.sh

to run command in container "RUN" command is used.
Using run command we can run run.sh
which does following things:
1.Run mysql-server
2.Create Database for user
3.Loads Given schema

Step 8: RUN echo "mysql image built succesfully with default schema!!"

Not nessesary just print succesfull message after complition of 7 Steps!!!

